okay folks this has been from Kara
Capcom and we are in my bathroom right
now why because I'm going to show you
how to make a very simple waterproof or
water-resistant bag for your passage of
touchscreen device in this case got the
iPhone for the iPad so basically what
we're doing is using some Ziploc style
bags these are just generic brand and
they seem to work just fine so first
thing we're going to do is fill a bag of
water just to double-check its water
tightness
Oh still hold upside down
I've got no leaking at all little drips
coming out the end there I squeeze it
creasing that dripping just a little bit
but it's really not much to worry about
I'm not suggesting that you submerge
these things completely in water but
should work great for the shower as
protection in case you want to read in
the bath something like that all right
so now that we've ensured that is
relatively watertight take a look at
what we do with the iPhone and just
write a safety other side go
the double-bagging so how you're just
going to place your device down in the
corner like so the air out so that the
bag can be flat which we might get work
best for the capacitive touchscreen and
for sake of clarity the screen when you
can fold this any way you want make it
nice and flat on there and as you'll
notice the passive screen actually it
works great through this plastic folder
full so I'm going to take the other bag
it's gonna be extra tricky you can
reverse whether the zippers are just
make sure you don't get a little bit of
water does get in there's no chance
really that it can get down to your
device and just squeeze the air out and
now we've got double bag very watertight
case for our device which will work
great water iphone
drop it in dump it around pull it out
all that great stuff that might happen
if you drop it in the bathtub
inside bag will not be wet means the
device inside will also not be wet and
here we have our fully functional iPhone
4 so what I was saying earlier one of
the cool things that you could do is set
up some speakers in your bathroom if you
enjoy music easy to remote app and then
you could remotely toggle various tunes
from the shower for the bath if you're
into ebook reading you could always pull
up your favorite book in the bathtub
without fear of dropping your expensive
device
and as I mentioned get a bag big enough
same thing where it's just fun for the
iPad or any passive touchscreen device
really so if you want to read your
latest copy of Wired magazine works just
great through here so give it a try
remember this is at your own risk do not
submerge a fully in water I wouldn't
suggest and definitely double-check that
your bags are watertight before giving
this a try anyway